Add troubleshooting of node maintenance mode (#619)
harvester/docs: docs/volume/create-volume.md

![create-empty-volume](/img/v1.2/volume/create-empty-volume.png)

:::info important

> Harvester attaches/detaches volumes based on user operations dynamically. If you plans to attach any volume to certain node manually, it may block the [node maintenance](../host/host.md#node-maintenance), check the affection of [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester attaches/detaches volumes based on user operations dynamically. If you plans to attach any volume to certain node manually, it may block the [node maintenance](../host/host.md#node-maintenance), check the section [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.
```

![create-empty-volume](/img/v1.2/volume/create-empty-volume.png)

:::info important

> Manually attaching a volume to the node is not recommended.
> 
> Harvester automatically attaches/detaches volumes based on operations like creating or migrating VM. If you plan to attach any volume to certain node manually, it may block the [Node Maintenance](../host/host.md#node-maintenance), check the section [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Harvester automatically attaches and detaches volumes during operations such as VM creation and migration.

Manually attaching a volume to the node is not recommended because it may prevent you from enabling [Maintenance Mode](../host/host.md#node-maintenance). For troubleshooting information, see [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes).
```

> Harvester automatically attaches/detaches volumes based on operations like creating or migrating VM. If you plans to attach any volume to certain node manually, it may block the [Node Maintenance](../host/host.md#node-maintenance), check the section [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Harvester automatically attaches/detaches volumes based on operations like creating or migrating VM. If you plan to attach any volume to certain node manually, it may block the [Node Maintenance](../host/host.md#node-maintenance), check the section [Manually Attached Volumes](../troubleshooting/host.md#manually-attached-volumes) and set a proper global option.
```
